README.md, before:

# CDI Camel QuickStart

This example shows how to work with Camel in the Java Container using CDI to configure components,
endpoints and beans.

This example is implemented using Java code with CDI injected resources such as Camel endpoints and Java beans.

### Building

The example can be built with

    mvn clean install

### Running the example locally

The example can be run locally using the following Maven goal:

    mvn clean install exec:java


### Running the example in fabric8

It is assumed a running Kubernetes platform is already running. If not you can find details how to [get started](http://fabric8.io/guide/getStarted/index.html).

The example can be built and deployed using a single goal:

    mvn -Pf8-local-deploy

When the example runs in fabric8, you can use the OpenShift client tool to inspect the status

To list all the running pods:

    oc get pods

Then find the name of the pod that runs this quickstart, and output the logs from the running pods with:

    oc logs <name of pod>

You can also use the fabric8 [web console](http://fabric8.io/guide/console.html) to manage the
running pods, and view logs and much more.


### More details

You can find more details about running this [quickstart](http://fabric8.io/guide/quickstarts/running.html) on the website. This also includes instructions how to change the Docker image user and registry.

Commit message:

OSFUSE-315: Added instructions for running fabric8-arquillian test

README.md, after:

# CDI Camel QuickStart

This example shows how to work with Camel in the Java Container using CDI to configure components,
endpoints and beans.

This example is implemented using Java code with CDI injected resources such as Camel endpoints and Java beans.

### Building

The example can be built with

    mvn clean install

### Running the example locally

The example can be run locally using the following Maven goal:

    mvn clean install exec:java


### Running the example in fabric8

It is assumed a running Kubernetes platform is already running. If not you can find details how to [get started](http://fabric8.io/guide/getStarted/index.html).

The example can be built and deployed using a single goal:

    mvn -Pf8-local-deploy

When the example runs in fabric8, you can use the OpenShift client tool to inspect the status

To list all the running pods:

    oc get pods

Then find the name of the pod that runs this quickstart, and output the logs from the running pods with:

    oc logs <name of pod>

You can also use the fabric8 [web console](http://fabric8.io/guide/console.html) to manage the
running pods, and view logs and much more.


### Integration Testing

The example includes a [fabric8 arquillian](https://github.com/fabric8io/fabric8/tree/master/components/fabric8-arquillian) Kubernetes Integration Test. 
Once the container image has been built and deployed in Kubernetes, the integration test can be run with:

	mvn test -Dtest=*KT

The test is disabled by default and has to be enabled using `-Dtest`. [Integration Testing](https://fabric8.io/guide/testing.html) and [Fabric8 Arquillian Extension](https://fabric8.io/guide/arquillian.html) provide more information on writing full fledged black box integration tests for Kubernetes. 

### More details

You can find more details about running this [quickstart](http://fabric8.io/guide/quickstarts/running.html) on the website. This also includes instructions how to change the Docker image user and registry.
